--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The following licence applies to the file src/util/iter.sml.

MLton COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright (C) 1999-2018 Henry Cejtin, Matthew Fluet, Suresh
   Jagannathan, and Stephen Weeks.
Copyright (C) 1997-2000 by the NEC Research Institute

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty
disclaimer appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of
the above copyright holders, or their entities, not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.

The above copyright holders disclaim all warranties with regard to
this software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and
fitness. In no event shall the above copyright holders be liable for
any special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an
action of contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out
of or in connection with the use or performance of this software.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following license applies to the files in the directory src/isalib.

ISABELLE COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENCE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright (c) 1986-2018,
  University of Cambridge,
  Technische Universitaet Muenchen,
  and contributors.

  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are 
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright 
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the 
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of the University of Cambridge or the Technische
Universitaet Muenchen nor the names of their contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS 
IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED 
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT 
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, 
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT 
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, 
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY 
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE 
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The files in the directory src/smlnjlib are derived from the following files of
the Standard ML of New Jersey Library:

* smlnj-lib/Util/hash-table-rep.sml
* smlnj-lib/Util/hash-table-sig.sml
* smlnj-lib/Util/hash-table.sml

and the following license applies to the files in the directory src/smlnjlib.

STANDARD ML OF NEW JERSEY COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright (c) 1989-2002 by Lucent Technologies

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty
disclaimer appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of
Lucent Technologies, Bell Labs or any Lucent entity not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.

Lucent disclaims all warranties with regard to this software,
including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no
event shall Lucent be liable for any special, indirect or
consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of
use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or
other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use
or performance of this software.
